Add readout error (#2786)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* Added readout error functionality to the MixedDevice.
  [(#2786)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2786)

>   Readout error has been added by applying a BitFlip channel to the wires being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Readout error has been added by applying a BitFlip channel to the wires
```

  measured after the diagonalizing gates corresponding to the measurement

>   observable has been applied. The probability in the BitFlip channel
>   is to be specified by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  observable has been applied. The probability of the readout error occurring should be passed when creating the device.
```
